Add step to template to request next release lead (#381)
jenkins-infra/release: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/1-lts-release-checklist.md

- [ ] Merge the PR generated by the `jenkins-dependency-updater` bot in the [jenkinsci/helm-charts](https://github.com/jenkinsci/helm-charts) repository.

- [ ] Create a [helpdesk](https://github.com/jenkins-infra/helpdesk/issues) ticket to update `ci.jenkins.io`, `trusted.ci`, `cert.ci` and `release.ci` to the new LTS release, [example](https://github.com/jenkins-infra/helpdesk/issues/3561).
  

> - [ ] Send email asking for the next release lead, [example](https://groups.google.com/g/jenkinsci-dev/c/4k6EqCXpcBE/m/68--8pjNDwAJ), dates for the next one can be found on the [Jenkins calendar](https://www.jenkins.io/events/).

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] Send email asking for the next release lead, [example](https://groups.google.com/g/jenkinsci-dev/c/FrUnLUXdArg/m/BfXf5INlBwAJ), dates for the next one can be found on the [Jenkins calendar](https://www.jenkins.io/events/).
```
